Date 2022/03/08
Fifth meeting (offline) for Sprint 2

What we discuss:
1. Some problems in merging gitlab

What have we done?
Kevin: finishing the tool bar xmls
Shonn: finishing filtering activity xmls for filtering
Insung: interacting the xmls with the kotlin files

What are we going to do?
Kevin: modifying tool bare and bar items xmls
Insung: figure out how to make the database unit test
Shonn: completing the tag system, and make sure it is working.


What obstacles we meet?
1. merging gitlab
2. there are some minor issue in intellij
