Date 2022/03/04
Third meeting (offline) for Sprint 2

What we discuss?
1. How to do better for this Sprint
2. How to set up the folder

What have we done?
Kevin: implement the database unit test
Shonn: implemented the folder system xml (finishing the structure of add_note and filtering xml), not tested the functionality yet
Insung: Implemting the interface access functionality, writing Queries for database

What are we going to do?
Kevin: drafting the tag item, tool bar xmls
Insung: make modification on the database, expanding the values it takes such as tags.
Shonn: complete the folder system activity xml

What obstacles we meet?
Shonn: have difficulties to insert the correct icons into the xml (can find the correct vectors shape:)

